Who is the most immature?
Who is the most mature?
Who is the best singer?
Who is the best in bed?
Who has the shortest temper?
Who is the most calm?
Who is the biggest weeb?
Who is most likely to take hard drugs?
Who was/is the biggest smoker?
Who is the biggest xenophobic?
Who is the biggest liar?
Who is the most open book?
Who tends to overshare the most?
Who is doing the most?
Who is the biggest player?
Who has the highest body count?
Who is the strictest?
Who is the strongest?
Who is the toughest to take down?
Who is the best driver?
Who most likely to achieve their dreams first?
Who has the most problems?
Who most likely got their lives settled?
Who is the biggest geek?
Who is the most introverted?
Who is the most extraverted?
Who been to the most dates?
Who is most likely to die first in a horror movie?
Who has the biggest "main character" syndrome?
Who is the most edgy?
Who has the most hidden talents?
Who is the biggest alcoholic?
Who has the most addictions?
Who is the biggest "fake"-ass person?
Who is most likely to die last in a horror movie?
Who is most likely the serial killer in a horror movie?
Who is the biggest "anti-hero" in a story?
Who is most likely the main protagonist in a story?
Who is most likely the main antagonist in a story?
Who is most likely "don't have a life"?
Who talk shit the most?
Who is the most innocent?
Who is most likely to lose their virginity first?
Who is most likely to lost their virginity last?
Who is the most academically intelligent?
Who has the highest IQ?
Who asks the most questions?
Who is the most dramatic?
Who is most likely to star in a broadway show?
Who work the hardest?
Who has the saddest backstory?
Who is the most delusional?
Who is the most fun at parties?
Who is most likely to have the longest life span?
Who has the best leadership skill?
Who is the most competitive?
Who has the most questionable browsing history?
Who is most likely to forget the names of people they slept with?
Who is most likely to forget the names of someone right after meeting them?
Who gives the best advices?
Who is most likely to become famous?
Who is most likely to become rich?
Who is most likely to rob a bank?
Who would be the best roommate?
Who would be the worst roommate?
Who is most likely to get into a fight?
Who has the most composure?
Who is most likely to cheat on their spouses?
Who is most likely be a gold digger?
Who is the best liar?
Who is the most desperate for attention?
Who gossip the most?
Who most likely to cry easily?
Who spends money the most?
Who is the wealthiest?
Who most likely to lie on their resume?
Who has the most traffic citations?
Who gets in trouble with the law the most?
Who makes others wait the most?
Who is the biggest pimp?
Who is most likely get arrested?
Who is the most unique?
Who has the most NPC personality?
Who has the most phobias?
Who is the most addicted to social media?
Who is the most secretive?
Who is the biggest lightweight in drinking?
Who most likely to start a cult?
Who is the biggest stalker on social media?
Who is the best gamer?
Who is most likely to become a sugar dad/mom?
Who is the kinkiest?
Who will last the longest in bed?
Who is the worst driver?
Who is the scariest?
Who is the most intimidating?
Who is most likely to commit a crime?
Who is most likely to commit a murder?
Who is most political?
Who is the most racist?
Who is the most sexist?
Who would the most difficult to get into jury duty?
Who is the most stubborn?
Who is the easiest to read?
Who is the hardest to read?
Who is most likely to be the best parent?
Who is most likely to be the worst parent?
Who is most likely to be the strictest parent?
Who is most likely to be the easiest parent?
Who is most likely to contribute nothing in a group project?
Who is most likely to contribute the most in a group project?
Who is most likely to peak in high school?
Who is most likely to peak in college?
Who is most likely to be traitors?
Who is most likely to go "all-in" in a professional poker game?
Who gambles the most?
Who most likely to have the biggest sex drive?
Who most likely to share their porn collection?
Who is the best dancer?
Who is the most down-to-earth?
Who is the most creative?
Who is most likely to be more intelligent than they appear?
Who is the most trustworthy?
Who is the most reliable?
Who is most likely to get fired at their jobs?
Who is the most narcissistic?
Who is the biggest cheapskate?
Who is the most stingy?
Who is most likely to become a social media influencer?
Who is the laziest person?
Who is most likely the first to die in a zombie apocalypse?
Who is the biggest animal lover?
Who is the biggest misanthrope?
Who owns the best car?
Who owns the best house?
Who is the cleanest?
Who complains the most?
Who is the best travel companion?
Who makes the best jokes?
Who has the thickest accent?
Who got turned down the most?
Who got the most ex's?
Who has the most expensive tastes?
Who most likely to never apologize?
Who weigh the least?
Who weigh the most?
Who is the most cultured?
Who is the most picky?
Who is the most emotionally unstable?
Who is the most mentally unstable?
Who has the strongest willpower?
Who cooks the best food?
Who can go the longest without sleeping?
Who would make the most interesting autobiography?
Who is most likely be the first to get the boomer mentality?
Who is the most selfless person?
Who is the most attractive?
Who is the most well-dressed?
Who has the most questionable personality?
Who has the most questionable history?
Who is the most chained to their spouse?
Who is the most resourceful?
Who most likely to be classified as "can't live with them, can't live without them"?
Who is the most physically incapable?
Who is the most fun to play games with?
Who most likely to unknowingly lead everyone to their demise?
Who has the most unhealthiest eating habits?
Who mostly likely to solve a mystery?
Who tells the most interesting stories?
Who is the most unreliable?
Who makes the best insults?
Who is the most romantic?
Who is the least romantic?
Who would be the best coworker?
Who would make the worst coworker?
Who would make the best landlord?
Who would be the worst landlord?
Who would sleep the longest?
Who showers the longest?
Who takes the longest to get ready?
Who makes the best musician?
Who is the most religious?
Who makes the best actor/actress?
Who is the most easily scared?
Who is the most fearless?
Who has the most debt?
Who changes their mind the most?
Who most likely to star in a porno?
Who exaggerates the most?
Who would be the most unreliable narrator?
Who most likely to live their dreams through their children?
Who is the most athletic?
Who is the most minimalistic?
Who has the most questionable sexuality?
Who has the most ethically questionable?
Who most likely to never reply in a group chat?
Who is most likely to flake on plans?
Who is the most aggressive driver?
Who owns the best computer/console setup?
Who has the most amount of friends?
Who has the hardest life?
Who has the easiest life?
